---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/kingdom-of-zemland/4-session/2024-03-03/","tags":["Session_Note"]}
---



## Session 5

#### Roll Call

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] 
[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Workax Dreyman\|Workax Dreyman]] 
[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] 
Cory (OoC note: need DNDBeyond character sheet to link to)
[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Seraphina Shadowbloom\|Seraphina Shadowbloom]] 


Whilst getting the mysterious Golden Sword investigated, the damn thing again vanishes.  It appears that the gold sword can teleport between members of the party when it feels lonely.
- Sword starts to glow white and vanishes

We leave the mages guild hall/building/temple type thing.

Hear commotion outside
- There's a building on fire.
- Old abandoned building on fire.
- [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]] and [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Workax Dreyman\|Workax Dreyman]] help with the efforts to put it out.
- After a while the fire is put out.
	- [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]] and [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Workax Dreyman\|Workax Dreyman]] go in and investigate
		- Cause of fire seems to be a camp fire that went awry. - probably Started by a homeless person to keep themselves warm or to cook.
		- No loss of life

The damn sword appears on my back again, starting to get hot.  Dump it in a water trough.

- [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] and [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] turn up - bloody typical turn up when all the work is finished.
	- [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] has been beaten.  Looks nasty
	- She has had a visit from some old "friends" within her old clan.
		- White dragonborn clan.
		- She tells us she messed up her very first mission for them.
			- The mission was to go to a tavern.
				- Hired by a tavern owner to wipe out a cult that had taken over some land nearby.
				- Turns out not a cult but just some peasants occupying the land lawfully.
					- The local Lord,  who had hired the clan through the landlord, wanted the land so hired the clan to wipe them out and get the land for nothing.
				- There were 2 survives
					- Woman and child.
				 - Clan disowned [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]]  for not completing mission . 
				 - [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] was ordered to kill the Woman and child 
					 - She refused
					 - [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] was disowned by the clan.
						 - She was disowned but they still want her to finish the job - something not right here (or my usual sense of distrust is kicking in again)
		- If we are to help [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] with this we will need to speak to her uncle as he is in charge.
			- Clan is based in the far north - so how did they track [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] down and why come all this way just to cause her some grief.
			- Clan knows the survivors are alive by some magical means and will not relent  until they are dead.
	- We need to do something.  She may be a Dragonborn but she is also a part of the group.  Needs sorting permanently or it could be a risk to ourselves not just [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] .  Whether that means sorting the clan/uncle out or finding some way to make the survivors appear dead is something that needs deciding.

An [[elf\|elf]]  approaches whilst we are in the Tavern discussing [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]]'s problem - [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Cory (AKA Checkers)\|Cory (AKA Checkers)]]  is his name.
- Searching for a white dragonborn with lots of tattoos.  What is it with white Dragonborn.  Seen as the lowest of the low yet there are a lot of them around.
- Last seen on way to [[Kingdom of Zemland/3. Locations/Town/Rose Falls\|Rose Falls]].
- As we are heading that way he is invited to travel with us.

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]]  goes on talking to Nigel about being called the Wind Breakers, or whatever daftness she has decided the outside world will know us as, and again boasts about being down as leader with the adventurers guild, drone, drone, *YAWN* - though thinking about it, if the group screw up majorly then the "leader" will be the one who gets screwed the most.  mmmm may see a few opportunities....

Gold sword appears on [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]]'s back
- *Arrrrrrrrgggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhh*
- Sword warm to the touch again.

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Workax Dreyman\|Workax Dreyman]] says he will try to make a potion of detect thoughts to see if he can decipher what the sword wants of us.

Sword wants something but unable to detect what.

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]]  agrees to carry sword - and people says she doesn't have any uses.  Talks to her own sword - not weird at all - to see if can create a pact weapon with it.  **And does it at the bloody table in the tavern in plain sight of everyone**.  I swear if this daughter of a pox ridden Orc whore gets us in trouble for using magic in the open in a place where magic is outlawed I will do her.

See a person on roof watching us. - possibly [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Allies/Shadow\|Shadow]] - good to know is is around and safe.  Need to check in on him when able to, to ensure he is keeping his word.

We get enough supplies and travel  to [[Kingdom of Zemland/3. Locations/Town/Rose Falls\|Rose Falls]].
- I hate the outdoors.  All this greenstuff, cold, wet, travel sickness on the cart, sleeping on the ground (haven't done that properly in many years since joining the guild), insects, etc.  Gods I even miss the hovels I used to sleep in.

After about 1.5 weeks travel we set camp for the night as usual and set into our camp routine.
- [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] has become horsey person 
- [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Cory (AKA Checkers)\|Cory (AKA Checkers)]] as he appears to have been now named) along with [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Workax Dreyman\|Workax Dreyman]] become the foragers of food.
- the rest of us just sort of get the camp ready, start a camp fire, cook etc.

We have started using a watch system of 3 watches of 2 people apiece.  Each shift has an [[elf\|elf]] /[[half-elf\|half-elf]]  on watch and a "normal" person.  On this particular night:-
- [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]]  falls asleep during first watch
- 2nd watch with [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Cory (AKA Checkers)\|Cory (AKA Checkers)]]  and [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Seraphina Shadowbloom\|Seraphina Shadowbloom]] - no one falls asleep as we are dedicated to the group and keeping them safe (also I have an aversion to being snuck up on and murdered whilst I sleep)
- 3rd watch - [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]] and [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] - [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]]  feels tired but manages to stay awake - presume her self righteous sense of duty bolsters her on.

Unknown why, but on one of the nights, the first watch falls asleep, and we all sleep through the night. We wake up and lots of bodies are on the ground around us. Bandits.  Bodies bitten and stabbed.
- To start with ***What the holy f$%k***
	- Inspecting the bodies they appear to have been chomped on and/or stabbed.
		- This is new.  
			- Only started to happen since [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Cory (AKA Checkers)\|Cory (AKA Checkers)]]  has joined us - is he a [[werewolf\|werewolf]]?  That would be perfect - hunted by a Vampire and it's spawn and a bloody [[werewolf\|werewolf]]  amongst our midst.
			- What next? Is [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]]  a lich?
			- Is [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]] some sort of demon - though with that bloody sword of hers that is a distinct possibility. 
			- Is [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] actually a decent person that is compassionate and gives money to the poor and needy - ok that one is going too far.
- We do what any sensible persons would do and loot the bodies.
	- Leather armour (studded)
	- Simple martial weapons
	- 4gp.
- No one seems to bat an eyelid at the bodies or whatever  may have caused them to die.  Oh well, we are still alive and that is all that really matters I suppose.  Though I am beginning to wonder if we are going to have to pay the cost for this "protection" at some point.

Workax makes some more [[potion-of-healing\|potion-of-healing]] on our travels and gives 1 each to [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]],  Checkers  and [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] .

We eventually get to [[Kingdom of Zemland/3. Locations/Town/Rose Falls\|Rose Falls]] - civilisation at last (well as civilised as this piss hole can get anyway.)  To quote an old friend of mine "**You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy. We must be cautious**."  Ok he wasn't talking about [[Kingdom of Zemland/3. Locations/Town/Rose Falls\|Rose Falls]] but the sentiment stands.

We enter town.

Market town.  Lots of [[orc\|orc]]'s in town.  Don't think I've seen so many in one place that wasn't a fighting arena or as heavies.

Start looking for the missing child 
- Garla name of person who posted job at the guild.
	- We go the residence that we have been advised of
		- youngish female answers the door
			- Middle class building .  Has tapestries in the rooms depicting her family history - not wealthy but well off.
		- Someone else came for job a couple of weeks ago.
			- They have not returned.
				- We seem to be doing the jobs that others have attempted and failed at.
					- Are we really that good?
					- Or just lucky..
		- The missing child's name is Aeron.
			- 9 years old.
			- Blonde.
			- Blue jumper.
		- Unsavouriness were seen around town when he disappears.
			- Half-orc in market called Della who saw them.
			- 200gp for job. (10 gold to adventurers guild upon completion)


[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Cory (AKA Checkers)\|Cory (AKA Checkers)]]  goes off to try and find his friend.
	- Not in town but is remembered as being here and has since left after about a day.  Unknown where he was going.


Go to Della in Market
- Fruit and veg store.
- Speak to her about what she saw.
	- They had blue cloaks.
	- Multiple races.
		- Possible orc, human and elf.
	- Left after about a day.
	- [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]]  questions about [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] 
		- She recognises the name of [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Nightingale\|Nightingale]] 
		- Ella killed [[Kingdom of Zemland/3. Locations/Village/Shadow Crest\|Shadow Crest]] [[mage\|mage]] 
			- Mage's name was Nor.


As we leave market large explosion towards the east.
- A wizard comes from building where the explosion came from.
	- He says his experiment went a bit wrong - yay think?
	- [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Workax Dreyman\|Workax Dreyman]] talks to [[wizard\|wizard]] 
		- Starts working on more experiments 
		- [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Workax Dreyman\|Workax Dreyman]] notices that the wizard  is using wrong ingredients.
	- He knows about the amulet that [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]]  has.
		- Called the Dragons eye - dum, dum duuuummmmmm.
		- It is Sentient. - just what we need.
		- It grants protection to it's user.
		- Is has a green gem in it.
		- Can hide true Prescence/aspect of the wearer
		- Made by [[Tiamat\|Tiamat]] 
			- There are 2 amulets
				- Red and green
					- Red Good.
					- Green Evil.
			- Green gemmed amulet seems to be evolving.
			- Red was in possession of Dragon Knight - wonder if it's anything to do with the dragon knights armour we found at [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Allies/Lord Barbas\|Lord Barbas]]'s house or even the damn golden sword as that has gems in it.

Adventures Foot Tavern
- Get rooms for the night.
	- Get food and drinks.

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Cory (AKA Checkers)\|Cory (AKA Checkers)]]  tells us a bit of his story.
- He was being trained by a white [[dragonborn\|dragonborn]] Zavier who was his mentor.
- His mentor was sent out on a mission 
	- Never returned.

We start to tell him our stories.

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]]  comes down and drags [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] upstairs - oooohhh err misses.

She comes back and shows us her eye which is acting independently of the other one and black. - **CLEANSE IT WITH FIRE..** again DEMON.

Whilst the others sleep, I do what I'm good at and go case out the abandoned house we think holds the Blue cloaks and the missing child.
- 1 guard outside ([[half-elf\|half-elf]] )
- Inside appears abandoned and empty.

Wake up the next morning.  I tell them about my little excursion and what I saw.

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Seraphina Shadowbloom\|Seraphina Shadowbloom]] and [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] go to the house
- Sneak up on [[guard\|guard]] 
	- [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] face plants into the ground after tripping up on a tree root - i swear I am working with a bunch of amateurs.
- I sneak up behind the guard whilst he is questioning [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] .
	- Subdue [[guard\|guard]] 
-  I change into the [[half-elf\|half-elf]] guard
	- Now the others know my secret - I also advise them not to divulge this information to anyone. - advise is the polite way of putting it.
	- Set up telepathy link to [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Cory (AKA Checkers)\|Cory (AKA Checkers)]]  and [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] 
	- Enter house and go down trap door
	- Someone tries to speak to me mentally - my steel like mind shakes it off.
- [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] and [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Workax Dreyman\|Workax Dreyman]] interrogate the half-elf.
	- Just bandits present
	- Approx. 10 Bandits
	- Possibly more coming soon
	- Says no traps - appears to be telling the truth.
	- He is a rookie [[guard\|guard]] 
	- [[half-orc\|half-orc]] is in charge.
	- Not seen any child 
	- Pay him off 2gp and he does a runner.

Others join me in the tunnels - my feelings about these places has not changed.
I carry  on round the tunnel system
-  Come across a camp fire and snoring.
- [[tabaxi-mpmm\|tabaxi-mpmm]] is sleeping
	- Slit it's throat whilst it sleeps.
- Search room
	- Find a [chest]]
		- potion labelled adventure.
		- Ask [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Workax Dreyman\|Workax Dreyman]] to look at it
			- Random teleportation
			- I take it - possible uses for it race through my mind..
- [[half-orc\|half-orc]] appears 
	- I convince him that no one will bother us again after we took care of the last ones to come here - total BS but it works.
	- He mutters and starts heading towards the others.
	- I inform [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] and [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Cory (AKA Checkers)\|Cory (AKA Checkers)]] and we ambush the [[half-orc\|half-orc]] 
	- We take him out.
- Shape change into half-orc.
- Storage room.
	- nothing there.
- Carry on around 
- I come across a
	- [[halfling\|halfling]]
	- Tabaxi.
		- They are moaning about having to do guard duty.
		- As I am the half-orc, I send them to do guard duty as punishment for complaining.
- combat 
	- we wing 
- next a kobold and [[dwarf\|dwarf]] 
	- kobold riding something (dragonling)
		- combat.
		- Kobold has a wish potion. - A Bloody Wish Potion - This could solve all our issues in one go.  Wish Ella was human, Kill all the ruling classes, get rid of that damn sword etc.

We carry on and enter a large cave.

A black dragon. - Not worried about an EVIL black dragon at all!!!!!
- She says she has been down here since she was a young adult.
- has the missing child 
	- Was protecting him.
- Imprisoned by the hooded ones.
	- No bleeding idea who the hells they are
- The Dragon has had it's wings removed
- The Dragon's name is [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Allies/Reki\|Reki]]  - Names have power.
- The consensus is that we give the Dragon the wish potion  - for the love of all that is holy  this could have saved us all.
	- I oppose this as very narrow sighted in that it could stop [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] and all the other manure that will bury us eventually.

End of session.









