---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/kingdom-of-zemland/4-session/2024-02-04/","tags":["Session_Note"]}
---

## Session 1

#### Roll Call 

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] 
[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] 
[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]] 
[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Seraphina Shadowbloom\|Seraphina Shadowbloom]] 

I awake with blinding headaches, not knowing where we are or what brought us here.  My initial feeling that I've been poisoned but after feeling the lump on my head, it would appear that someone hit me and knocked me out.  (They will regret not killing me)

I appear to be in an old jail/cell complex.  I don't recognise the cells from any of the ones I've been in before.  First instinct, try the door.  The door whilst closed isn't locked and opens quite easily.  This instantly puts me on guard.  Why put me in a cell, then not lock the door?

As I step out of the door I hear voices, followed by others forcing their doors open.

They introduce themselves:
- [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]]
- [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] 
- [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]] 

no-one knows how or why they are here.  All appear to have been brought here without the consent.

There appears to be only 1 door out of the room.  Listening at it can here 3 voices that slowly go quieter - probably leaving the room.   We enter the room and it is empty. The room contains a table a green curtain and an exit.  The others go straight for the entrance.  I however look around.  Behind the curtain is a chest.  I open the unlocked chest and there is my equipment, and what i can only assume is the other peoples equipment.  I decide that the coin pouches that are there should go to me as a finders see (39gp).

I tell the others about the equipment in the chest which they go and look at and confirm is theirs, though they are not happy that their money is missing.  I sneak ahead of the group through the exit and down a corridor.  At the end is a guard room with 3 guards in it.  I go back and tell the others.  

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] barges into room followed by [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] and [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]].  I play the safe game and wait near the entrance to it.  A fight commences, and in no short order [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] bites the dust.

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]], it turns out is a [[paladin\|paladin]] , so she [[paladin#Lay on Hands (Level 1) \| Lay on Hands]] on [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] who is now awake.

Again the others rush out of the room, whilst I search it, and find a scroll/treasure map.  Not sure what it means as yet, but I'm sure it will be deadly (that's why I'm travelling with the others, and maybe profitable.)

In the area where the others are are 5 braziers.  Each seem to have the depiction of a god/godess:

- [[Tiamat\|Tiamat]] 
- [[Uboss\|Uboss]] 
- [[Giathices\|Giathices]] 
- [[Lulatha\|Lulatha]] 
- [[Botana\|Botana]] 

Each brazier has a depression in it for a gem.  The braziers for [[Tiamat\|Tiamat]] and [[Uboss\|Uboss]] have gems in them and the braziers are lit.

There is also a single door with no lock or handle of this side so no way of opening it, seemingly

After a search the other gems are found (bit convenient) and there is a click and the door opens.

We step out into a forest - oh joy.

After some walking we come to a used road with a sign post:

- [[Kingdom of Zemland/3. Locations/Village/Shadow Crest\|Shadow Crest]] 144 miles
- [[Kingdom of Zemland/3. Locations/City/Dragontail/Dragontail\|Dragontail]]  202 miles 

The group decide to walk to [[Kingdom of Zemland/3. Locations/City/Dragontail/Dragontail\|Dragontail]], all 202 miles of it.

After many days trvel we reach the city.  Thank the gods.  Back to civilisation.

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] says that he has an uncle in the city and he will give us money and aid.  [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]]  takes us to the Golden Quarter and meets with his uncle.  His uncle agrees to give him 200gp.  His uncle also says he has a job for us which he will pay us 1500gp if done quietly or 500gp is messy - guess we are going quietly then.  There are 2 individuals, a [[half-elf\|half-elf]]  and [[dragonborn\|dragonborn]], who are causing problems for the establishment.  They may be part of the [[Kingdom of Zemland/5. Lore/Organisations/Cult of Tiamat\|Cult of Tiamat]].

The uncle agrees to put us up at the [[Kingdom of Zemland/3. Locations/City/Dragontail/Districts/Golden Quarter/Nixies Head\|Nixies Head]], a 5 star Tavern in the Golden Quarter.

Speaking to the bar keeper, ask if they know anything about the people we are hunting.  They say that they know of them, red hood, [[studded-leather-armor\|studded-leather-armor]], leather wrist strap with the symbol of [[Tiamat\|Tiamat]] on it.

I go out and by the above clothing.  Considering that the [[Kingdom of Zemland/5. Lore/Organisations/Cult of Tiamat\|Cult of Tiamat]] is fictional and pretty much outlawed, no-body seems to bat an eyelid when you mention them.

As the groups underground contact, I go seeking the local thieves guild to see if they can supply any information, and to introduce myself to them - just so they don't off me.

I speak to a [[drow\|drow]] - not an everyday occurrence.  He supplies me with some information:

- They are hold up in an abandoned warehouse in the Undercity.
- The building has a green tapestry on it.
- They seem to be recruiting locals from the undercity for the last 2 weeks, but for what is unknown.
- The 2 are carrying the symbol of [[tiamat-rot \| Tiamat]] .
- The [[half-elf\|half-elf]] can be elusive (possible [[rogue\|rogue]] )
- The Red [[dragonborn\|dragonborn]] is called [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Allies/Shadow\|Shadow]] 
- The [[half-elf\|half-elf]] is called [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] 
The [[drow\|drow]] also mentions that the group have something that they want returning, a symbol,  A circle with a dragon eye in the centre  Will see if I can locate it.

Ihead back to the [[Kingdom of Zemland/3. Locations/City/Dragontail/Districts/Golden Quarter/Nixies Head\|Nixies Head]] where the others are waiting and tell them about the conversation with the thieves guild.

We decide a plan where we case the warehouse out before we do anything.

This doesn't seem to provide any real useful information.

I notice a woman looking at me who then breaks off.  I follow her and she meets with someone in a red hood -unable to tell race.  They speak for a short time and then go separate directions.  The woman goes back towards the Undercity, whilst the man goes towards the forgotten quarter.

I go tell the others and we head towards where the man went.

We are unable to find him.  I however notice someone running across the rooftops.  We have obviously been setup.

Just has I relise this, an arrow hits the ground near us:
"We know you are following us.  What do you want"

I turn towards where the arrow came from and say "Salvation."

An [[orc\|orc]] comes to us saying he will take us to [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]].

We go in a long and convoluted route.  We meet Ella who sets us a task to prove that we are worth the effort.  2 People in the Golden Quarter have promised Ella that they would provide her with some blueprints of tunnels below the city.  We agree to obtain the information for her.

The 2 people, [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Neutral/Diana\|Diana]] and [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Neutral/Rus\|Rus]] are cousins to [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]].

I propose a plan whereby we get the plans, I forge a copy with modifications so that they are not all that useful, give the forgeries to Ella and give the original to [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]]'s uncle.  I also do an direct copy that will go to the local thieves guild.

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] goes to see [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Neutral/Diana\|Diana]] and [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Neutral/Rus\|Rus]] and obtains the blueprints from his cousins.

We send the original blueprints to [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] uncle, I send a copy to the thieves guild, and we head off to Ella with the altered forgeries.

She takes the forgeries and seems to accept them as originals......

[[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] takes us to the abandoned warehouse, and leads us to a trapdoor.  inside a basement there are approx 10 people, 4 [[Kingdom of Zemland/5. Lore/Organisations/Cult of Tiamat\|Cult of Tiamat]] members and the rest appear to be recruits from the streets.  The odd one out is an obvious nobel anoungst them.  There is also what appears to be a alter to [[tiamat-rot \| Tiamat]].

Later on [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Allies/Shadow\|Shadow]] arrives.  From the conversation he has with [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]], they appear to be in a relationship.   Afew others things:
- Ella seems to be in charge of the operation not [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Allies/Shadow\|Shadow]] 
- [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Allies/Shadow\|Shadow]] seems desperate
- [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] mentions something about there won't be many left soon 
	- a reference to an attack on the city possibly
	- Maybe what the blueprints were required for.

[[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Allies/Shadow\|Shadow]] goes to rest.

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] goes to speak to him - [[dragonborn\|dragonborn]] to [[dragonborn\|dragonborn]].

He has no tail, obvious meaning that he has done something major to upset the [[dragonborn\|dragonborn]]'s as this is the last resort for any crime - the ultimate besides death (though some say worse than).  He does not say what he has done.

We rest for for the night.

End of session 