---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/kingdom-of-zemland/4-session/2024-02-11/","tags":["Session_Note"]}
---



## Session 2


#### Roll Call 

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] 
[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] 
[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]] 
[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Seraphina Shadowbloom\|Seraphina Shadowbloom]] 
[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Workax Dreyman\|Workax Dreyman]] 


We are awoken by a screaming individual.

Laying on the ground is one of the cultists with [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Allies/Shadow\|Shadow]] bending over them comforting them.

Once the cultist has calmed, [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Allies/Shadow\|Shadow]] goes to [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] and they have a conversation.:
- "We have to Stop this."
- "We need the resources."

Ella comes to the group and says that she has some jobs for us.
- Needs supplies, food, drink etc.
	- [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Seraphina Shadowbloom\|Seraphina Shadowbloom]] will get these as the thought of going outside of the city does not agree with her.
- Needs herbs from the forest.
	- Blue flower.
		- It is an anti-septic
			- Calacoria / Slipper Flower.
		- [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]] & [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] know that the flower can be found in damp woodlands
	- [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] will pay 10gp per flower returned

we are introduced to a new party member [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Workax Dreyman\|Workax Dreyman]] (aka Kax).  Kax is a [[sorcerer\|sorcerer]].

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]], [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]], [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] & [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Workax Dreyman\|Workax Dreyman]] go to the woods.

The 4 find a small clearing with 4 bushes of the flowers, but there are some wolf tracks nearby.

As they approach the bushes some wolves attack the party, combat starts.  The party are victorious, but [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] takes a kicking again.

The party get 3 wearable wolf pelts from the encounter, and some meat for the less well off in the [[Kingdom of Zemland/5. Lore/Organisations/Cult of Tiamat\|Cult of Tiamat]].

Whilst they are out in the woods playing Robyn Hood and killing poor defenceless wolves, I go into the most dangerous place in the city - the market.  You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy. I must be cautious.

I find a stall selling produce.  And use my vast skill at negotiation and buy them out for 6gp (these are poor farmers so stealing from them doesn't sit right).

I move on to see what else is around.  I find another stall, this one seems a bit better off - they even have a couple of slaves, Red [[dragonborn\|dragonborn]].  This is odd especially Red's.  I speak to them and apparently their family owe a lot of money and sold them to clear the debt.  I speak to the stall owner and again negotiate a lower price for the whole stall.  13gp as the produce if of a higher quality.

I return to the warehouse with the goods.  [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] says this is the most food and drink they have seen since they have been in the city.

Around this time, the merry men return.  They produce the flowers, and [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] pays out 140gp.  [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Workax Dreyman\|Workax Dreyman]] says that he doesn't want any money so I offer to hold his share for him.

I go to speak to Ella.  Asking her to let us in more, give us some real jobs etc.
	Ella is trying to keep the cult together.  
	She came to help people
	Secrets are being buried in the city.
	Plans are being made by an undercover organisation
	Corruption in the city is extensive.
	I ask about the screaming cultist from this morning.
		She was trying to get information from the Golden Quarter.
		She was caught whilst going to the [[Kingdom of Zemland/3. Locations/City/Dragontail/Districts/Golden Quarter/Ivory Citadel\|Ivory Citadel]] 
		She was trying to get info on the secret society that controls the city.
		Apparently [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] Uncle is involved in some way.
		[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] Uncle is known to pass notes and information to someone in this society 
		We are warned to keep an eye out for suspicious behaviour and to watch the coming and going of the uncle and visitors to his Manson 
		

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]]  and [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]], as one does, at the temple of the Sleeping Defiler!!!!!  Temple to the god of death, [[Giathices\|Giathices]].
- [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]] speaks to the High priest.
	- He shows his sword (ohh err misses)
	- He says the sword has a name - Deathbound (not ominous in the slightest.)
	- He says the the sword "Ate" his Bardic talent.
	- The high priest says that Archibald may be able to help with the cursed weapon - cursed, oh FFS.
	- Archibald can be found in Dim Harbour

As mass is about to start the pair leave the temple.

The pair head back to the warehouse, where [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] is laying on hands to the cultist that is screaming in order to purge the poison from the body.

I ask [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] what actually happened.
- The cultists name is [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Neutral/Flower\|Flower]] 
- They were trying to obtain information 
	- Went to the Golden Quarter.
	- The Drow that i met earlier gave her information that led [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Neutral/Flower\|Flower]]  into an ambush

I speak to [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Allies/Shadow\|Shadow]] (these cultists really need to get more inventive with their names).

He says that the warehouse has too many ears and eyes and we agree to meet later at a nearby tavern, The Bald Eagle.
- We ask [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Allies/Shadow\|Shadow]]  about [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] 
	- She is out of control.
	- He says that he was not originally a member 
	- He was an outcast and outlaw following his dishonouring
	- Ella recruited him, promised him the world and more.
	- She and he did all for the people
	- Within a couple of years she had changed.
	- Her methods gradually became more extreme
	- When asked for examples.
		- She brought back a noble/well off.
		- She tortured them to get the information.
	- The [[Kingdom of Zemland/5. Lore/Organisations/Cult of Tiamat\|Cult of Tiamat]] was not supposed to come to [[Kingdom of Zemland/3. Locations/City/Dragontail/Dragontail\|Dragontail]] 
	- Ella was told to come to [[Kingdom of Zemland/3. Locations/City/Dragontail/Dragontail\|Dragontail]] to obtain info about corrupt nobles within the city
	- Been here for 12 months+ - not the couple of weeks as advised by [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] uncle.
	- Her actions are hindering helping of the innocents and the needy.
	- [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Allies/Shadow\|Shadow]] says that [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] is trying to bring something into the [[city-watch-scag\|city-watch-scag]] The Kobald is Loyal.
	- Planning something that involves the tunnels

As we leave the Tavern I notice a shadowy figure on the rooftops, obviously following us.

I track the figure down and sneak up on them.  Turns out to be a [[elf-wood\|elf-wood]] with pale skin and is either unable to/or unwilling to speak.  Ella has sent her to follow us.  [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] is starting to annoy me.

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] and [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]] go to see [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]]'s uncle.
- The uncle knows more than he is letting on
	- Ella also goes by the names:
		- [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Starlight\|Starlight]] 
		- [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Pariah\|Pariah]] 
		- [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Nightingale\|Nightingale]] 
	- Known to exploit the rich.
	- People have gone missing here in [[Kingdom of Zemland/3. Locations/City/Dragontail/Dragontail\|Dragontail]] and other cities/towns before.
	- She has left her mark wherever she has gone.
	- Known to worship [[tiamat-rot \|Tiamat]] 
	- She sold herself to the wrong people and was chased out of various towns 
	- She brainwashes her followers
- The uncle is working with others in a group 
	- The Light Followers 

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] and [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]] leave the manson.

Whilst [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] and [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]] are out, I speak to [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] and ask her what jobs she needs doing.

She has a number of jobs
- Clear out the tunnels (not something [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Seraphina Shadowbloom\|Seraphina Shadowbloom]] relishes)
- People smuggling
	- The people smuggling and clearing out of the tunnels are linked.
		- The tunnels need clearing out before the person can be extracted
	- The person to be smuggled out of the city is well known.
	- She is a [[dragonborn\|dragonborn]] who has problems with her family and their ideals.
	- She will be placed in a safehouse whilst the tunnels are cleared.

I talk to the rest of the group when we all get back together, and they agree to clear the tunnels - oh joy.

We go to the tunnels.
- I hate tunnels/sewars.
- Hear a strange noise from one of the tunnels  -i suggest going the opposite direction.
- I hate tunnels/sewars.
- The group come up with a plan to place some [[oil-of-slipperiness\|oil-of-slipperiness]] on the entrance to the tunnel where the noise is coming from.
- As we prepare, the creature comes from another tunnel 
- I hate tunnels/sewars.
- combat 
	- we defeat the creature 
	- Not before [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] manages to shoot [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Workax Dreyman\|Workax Dreyman]] in the back (I suggest we remove the bow from her)
- We continue.
- We come across a tunnel covered in cob-webs.
- I hate tunnels/sewars.
- A [[giant-spider\|giant-spider]] 
- Combat 
	- We defeat the [[giant-spider\|giant-spider]] 
	- not before the spider climbs over everyone to get to me and gives me a big bite.
	- ***I HATE TUNNELS/SEWARS.**

We get to the end of the tunnels and emerge about 1 mile south-west of the city - this is where we are to bring the [[dragonborn\|dragonborn]] from the golden quarter.

We go back through he tunnels to the warehouse.

[[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] is writing in her journal.  When finished she locks it in a secure chest.

She goes out through the "secret" passage at the rear of the alter.
- [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] and myself follow her.
- She goes into the woods near the city.
- [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] meets a tall (7ish feet) person - unable to tell the [[races\|races]] 
	- He tells her she is a disappointment.  This is her last chance.
	- If she fails again she will die.
	- [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] bows down to [[heroism\|heroism]] 
- She returns to the warehouse.

We settle down for the night.

End of session 








