---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/kingdom-of-zemland/4-session/2024-02-18/","tags":["Session_Note"]}
---



## Session 3

#### Roll Call 

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] 
[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] 
[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]] 
[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Seraphina Shadowbloom\|Seraphina Shadowbloom]] 
[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Workax Dreyman\|Workax Dreyman]] 

We finally get to meet with person we are escorting through the tunnels.  A gold [[dragonborn\|dragonborn]] named Jasmine.

Ella confirms that we are to escort Jasmine through the tunnels where we will meet with 3 individuals.
- an [[orc\|orc]] 
- An [[elf\|elf]] 
- a [[human\|human]] 

[[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Allies/Jasmine\|Jasmine]] knows the people we are to meet, there is also a password that Jasmine knows.

We go to the tunnels.  We follow the route that we previously cleared (or thought we had.)

We come to the area where we first came across the blind creature, and there is another one - I hate Tunnels.

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Workax Dreyman\|Workax Dreyman]] sneaks past the creatures sleeping hole and runs straight into a [[giant-rat\|giant-rat]] 

Combat ensues. p.s. making this noise the blind creature wakes up and joins in.

I HATE TUNNELS.

In the blind creatures sleeping hole is a large chest - but the others don't tell me so unable to check for traps etc.  Don't think they trust me - no worry as not 100% trust them either.  

They pop open the chest - not trapped (the god(s) are with them at least.)  inside the chest is:
- a jewelled short sword.
	- Jewels form a pentagram
		- 5 small rubies at each of the points and a sapphire in the centre.
	- probably a sword used in a ritual of some sort

Carry on down the tunnel and make it outside

Meet the 3 people, password exchanged (greenfingers)

Jasmine confirms going to Dim Harbour then Still Haven

Jasmine says reason for leaving [[Kingdom of Zemland/3. Locations/City/Dragontail/Dragontail\|Dragontail]].
- Being forced into a political marriage with the [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Neutral/Rasbroth\|Rasbroth]] family
	- Michael is grooms name.
	- [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Neutral/Rasbroth\|Rasbroth]] is a [[human\|human]] family.
	- The [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Neutral/Rasbroth\|Rasbroth]] family are using the [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Neutral/Donjon Family\|Donjon Family]] as slaves.
	- The [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Neutral/Donjon Family\|Donjon Family]] have had bad business dealings and the [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Neutral/Rasbroth\|Rasbroth]] family bailed them out.
	- The [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Neutral/Rasbroth\|Rasbroth]] family blackmailed the [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Neutral/Donjon Family\|Donjon Family]] when they found out that in the [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Neutral/Donjon Family\|Donjon Family]] past, one of their ancestors committed a murder of a highly known person 

As she leaves, [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Allies/Jasmine\|Jasmine]] hands over a small bag with:
- [[diamond\|diamond]]
- [[ruby\|ruby]] 
- [[emerald\|emerald]] 

We return to the city overland.

We return to the warehouse and speak to [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] .  She hands over 500gp as payment.

[[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] gives everyone in the warehouse a drink.

The kobold drinks and falls asleep - poison?

We all pretend to drink, and fall asleep.

Ella starts to speak to someone and says to move the sleeping undercity dwellers.

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] jumps up to confront her.

Combat starts.

Ella starts to take a beating but doesn't go down.  after a while, she clutches a amulet and vanishes through a portal.

We leave the warehouse in pursuit of the taken people.  we track down one who "gives" us information that they have been loaded onto a cart and are leaving the city.

We chase them down and catch up with it.

The driver tells us that they were going to [[Kingdom of Zemland/3. Locations/Village/Shadow Crest\|Shadow Crest]] where they would be dropped off at that point, and were they were going after that he doesn't know.
- we notice that the men are missing, this is just women and children.
- The people were to be handed over to the [[Kingdom of Zemland/5. Lore/Organisations/Black Paw\|Black Paw]] 
- He mentions that Ella was going to the [[Kingdom of Zemland/3. Locations/City/Dragontail/Districts/Forgotten Quarter/Church of Snow\|Church of Snow]] 
	- the church belongs to the goddess of the moon.
	- not a popular church or goddess.

We release the slaves and give them some cash to leave the area asap.

We head back to the warehouse to see if shadow there.  On the way we notice 2 shadowy figures. the 7 foot tall humanoid and a [[dragonborn\|dragonborn]].  As they separate we follow the dragonborn.  We manage to loose her.

when we get back to the warehouse there is sign of a separate battle, not the one we had with [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] .
- couple of dead cultists
- The [[kobold\|kobold]] says he knows where [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Allies/Shadow\|Shadow]] is and takes us to [[Kingdom of Zemland/3. Locations/City/Dragontail/Districts/UnderCity/The Bald Eagle\|The Bald Eagle]] .
- Shadow is there and we tell him what has been going on.
	- [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Allies/Shadow\|Shadow]] knows nothing about [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] 's plans or whereabouts.
	- Ella's amulet was obtained from an elderly human wizard in [[Kingdom of Zemland/3. Locations/Town/Rose Falls\|Rose Falls]] 
	- The 7 foot tall person is a contact that hands out big contracts out to [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] 
	- Shadow going to to continue doing the good work, but not in the name of the [[Kingdom of Zemland/5. Lore/Organisations/Cult of Tiamat\|Cult of Tiamat]] 

We go to the [[Kingdom of Zemland/3. Locations/City/Dragontail/Districts/Forgotten Quarter/Church of Snow\|Church of Snow]].

As we arrive we notice blood on the door handle to the church.
- we speak to one of sisters.
	- she confirms that [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]]  was here.
	- [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] was led into the catacombs by 3 people 
	- we go into the catacombs 
		- 3 people down there
		- A [[goliath-mpmm\|goliath-mpmm]] 
		- A [[orc\|orc]] 
		- The pale [[elf\|elf]] 

Combat 
We win and take the Goliath alive.

The pale elf is a vampire (spawn).

Does this mean that [[Kingdom of Zemland/2. NPCs/Enemies/Ella\|Ella]] is a [[Kingdom of Zemland/ImportCLI/compendium/bestiary/legendary-group/vampire\|vampire]] ?

we follow the tunnels to the outside world and spot a cart racing away.

I shoot the horse and stop [[the-cartographer-ai\|the-cartographer-ai]] 
Turns out the cart was a distraction.


[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]] slaughters the driver.  No one says anything - begining to think these people are murder hobos.

Go back to the goliaath.
- Ella heading to [[Kingdom of Zemland/3. Locations/Town/Avita\|Avita]] .

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]] slaughters the goliath whilst he is hog-tied.  Really havbing doubts about these people.

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] goes to see his uncle but he is not there.

We go to the [[Kingdom of Zemland/3. Locations/City/Dragontail/Districts/Golden Quarter/Nixies Head\|Nixies Head]] 

end of session